Lovely, what a great crowd we have today.
Welcome to the Jacksonville Business Professionals.
This is the spring educational event,
and it's all about you
and how you will apply AI in your life,
in your world, in your businesses,
and this is why we do these.
This is for the education part of the Jacksonville Business Professionals.
Jacksonville Business Professionals, it's a powerhouse,
powerhouse of professionals that get together once a month, at least,
to talk about interesting topics
that deal with business, professionals, or whatever it might be.
And in our group, we have professionals who are attorneys,
accountants, IT executives,
insurance executives,
and we have people who are,
just in general, advisors.
IT, I'm trying to look around the room,
and I see, oh, I see, it's like my upper room.
Only the old people remember my upper room anyway.
But I see executives of all sorts here.
One of the things that we do is,
let me just tell you what the JPP vision is,
just so you understand.
Just so you understand.
Just so you have a little understanding of who we are.
We're to be the powerhouse of business professionals
in Northeast Florida,
providing a robust forum for relationship-building,
collaboration, and education.
And certainly what we're doing today is a big part of education.
Not that we're not going to do collaboration
and building relationships.
Our mission is to serve and support each other,
our clients and community,
by creating a relationship,
by creating opportunities to collaborate and educate.
So what we're looking for is,
today you're going to be treated to the AI educators
who are going to educate us on how you can apply
AI in your world.
How many of you have used AI so far?
Whoa.
Whoa.
Everybody.
Okay.
Let me ask you another question.
How many of you are using ChatGPT?
Okay.
How many of you have used Perplexity?
Okay.
How many of you use Claude AI?
All right.
Excellent.
Are there any other AIs that you're using
that are just, we all should know about?
Gemini, rock, okay, okay, excellent.
Boy, this crowd's wild.
So we're going to be exploring all those,
and we've got some amazing speakers lined up.
So we're going to do a couple of housekeeping thoughts.
Restrooms, restrooms are right across the hall.
The break after the second session, we're going to have,
second session is going to be another,
is going to be a time for you to take a break,
but it's going to be a pretty tight,
we've got a pretty tight schedule going through this.
During lunch, build relationships around your table.
We are, and afterwards, we're having,
out on the deck, we're having cocktails and conversations.
So, and you're all welcome to that.
Also,
I think,
unless there's something else,
I want to announce the sponsors,
and we want to thank them.
Thank you, sponsors.
Citium Group, Panda, Daily Record, Safe Harbor,
Strategic Vision Coaching Focus CFO,
the Jim Moran Institute,
Venture Point,
and more than ink printing, ink printing.
You're going to hear more about them later on.
They will be giving away door prizes,
and other things, so Cindy, you will be monitoring that.
Great, thank you.
So, I'm expecting you all to have a great time.
Participate.
We also have,
many of you have joined the honor roll support,
membership support, what do we call it?
The honor roll scholarships.
And how many of you are on that,
on that list?
The honor roll scholarships.
Honor roll members support.
Thank you, thank you.
Yeah, I'm, yeah, okay, good, great name.
I just need to be reminded from time to time how to speak.
Right, okay, good.
So, the next thing is lunch.
And what we're going to do is we're going to have the speakers
in these first tables,
go get their lunch first,
because they're going to be speaking,
and we want them to have time to eat before they get started.
So, you can all, the speakers can go,
and then everybody else can go.
And they're going to go into the next room
to get something to eat.
So, go do that.
In the meantime, everybody enjoy at the table.
Introduce each other,
and introduce yourself to each other around the table.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thanks for letting me be the only lady at the table.
We would have loved to have had more ladies at the table.
What's that?
So, you're sponsors, but this focus is CFO?
We're a fractional CFO practice here in town.
Okay.
So, you are, you come into organizations,
and you are able to support them in a CFO function?
Correct.
So, basically, we support companies,
that need CFO-level services, just not on a full-time basis.
Don't want to pay on a full-time basis.
They don't need it on a full-time basis,
but not necessarily on a project basis.
We're there, we're there.
You are their CFO.
Correct.
We want to be known as their CFO.
We want to join the management team,
work with them on a long-term basis from that perspective,
and grow with them.
That makes sense.
Do you have a limit of size of an organization?
No, not really.
It's really only limited by when you get to the point where they need.
