You're going to hear a lot about AI today, probably more than you want to hear, but the opportunities, the disruption, and the possibilities is everything you're going to hear about AI.
And at City & Group, we sit at the intersection of all of it. Cybersecurity, AI strategy, and business growth.
For companies right here in Jacksonville, we work with legal, we work with insurance, we work with ambulatory and medical, and we work with construction companies.
So, here's what we know. Most business leaders aren't losing sleep over technology.
They're losing sleep over revenue risk, liability exposure, and whether their business is protected when something goes wrong.
And that's where we come in.
We help with growth-focused businesses to stay ahead of cyber threats, understand the strategic advantage of AI,
and turn technology risk into leadership.
Leadership opportunities.
At City & Group, we're not your IT department. We're your strategic technology partner.
We are always on, and we are always ahead.
Now, I am here to introduce Ms. Katie Bakewell, and her bio is here, and I know you don't want me to read it to you,
but one thing that popped out in her bio, and she says she loves all local sports teams,
and I'm going to need it.
I'm going to need her to be more specific.
So, ladies and gentlemen, Ms. Katie Bakewell.
So, being more specific on that sport, it is literally any sport, except for basketball, which is tall people showing off.
I'm very short. I don't need that basketball.
So, what we're here to talk about today is AI FOMO.
And I am super excited about this topic, because I have been building AI models for 14 years now,
and until about, I don't know, I guess two years ago, my mom thought that I worked for NLP Logistics,
and she kept trying to hook me up with her friends who worked in logistics.
She finally knows what I do, which is amazing.
And so, I'm going to really follow up with some awesome stuff,
but I'm going to start out with something that Shani Bowman is going to be very disappointed in me for.
I'm excited for her talk, because she is one of the people who taught me how to public speak, and I love it.
And I don't think they ever advised us to open with a complaint.
Just a show of hands, how many people have heard somebody say,
Jacksonville could be a tech city?
Like, I hate that phrase.
It is my biggest pet peeve.
Jacksonville is a tech city.
We keep hearing Jacksonville could be a tech city.
And we're missing out on all of this tech.
So, I'm going to give you some examples.
Top left up here, these two guys who are going to speak later,
ran an organization that had high school students and middle school students,
16 teams of them, that spent a weekend building things for the city of Jacksonville using only AI.
These are our high school students and our middle school students.
On that top right, that is from TechCo's conference,
which can no longer be held here at the Herbst.
It's a corporate center because it has been outgrown.
We have 1,200 people coming to tech events in Jacksonville,
and we're saying, well, we could be a tech city.
We have self-driving buses that we're testing out.
We have our mayor on a hologram at the airport,
and we're saying we are not a tech city.
And we're not only doing that, but we're providing the tech talent.
Every single one of those universities,
from Flagler doing their AI Business Week,
UNF doing everything,
and if you haven't done the AI for Work and Life course,
highly suggest it.
JU has a great cybersecurity program.
I taught AI to EWU students.
And then the University of Florida is bringing two AI degrees to Jacksonville.
We are a tech city.
We are not missing out.
And if you're in this city that is full of tech,
I'm going to ask you guys in a minute how many of you guys have had AI FOMO,
but I'm going to tell you beforehand, I watched 72 hours of Game of Thrones.
I hate sci-fi.
I hate fantasy.
I hate all of it.
But I didn't want to miss out on the conversation on Monday mornings at work.
So I watched 72 hours of a television show that I hated.
And so I'm not judging anybody for FOMO.
Who here has had AI FOMO?
Who has done something in AI because other people were doing it?
It's all of us, right?
It's everywhere. It's ubiquitous.
If you look in the news,
the news is telling us in the New Yorker, Sam Altman is going to control
our future.
We've got AI is replacing our jobs and it's causing these deep emotional chasms.
And then on this top, right?
I love this because this is a headline that is in there.
And somebody is saying this is news.
More than a quarter of Americans are in an intimate relationship with an AI.
I am going to go ahead and call that some BS, but it's out there.
It's in the news. If you go on the news,
there is not a day goes by that there isn't something about AI.
And if you're not using it, you're like, man, I better start because
that's what everybody else is. And then if you go to the store,
we've got some really terrible products out there.
Got an AI powered spice grinder.
I don't know why we need AI to power our spice grinder.
I was talking to one of our next speakers
about cooking and there's an AI bread baker.
Like bread is just like love and passion.
And you're like, oh, let's make the computer do that.
There's an AI hairbrush.
As you brush your hair, it's going to tell you the quality
and health of your hair and tell you what you could do to improve.
And then in the
brand new revolutions, we have the smart fan
that senses the temperature in the room using AI and then turns on
and a smart washing machine that senses what kind of water you need in your load
and get the water in there. Congrats.
You're doing what an AC and a washing machine have been doing for 50 years.
This is an AI.
There's just so much everything that you go out there
has a label that says this is AI because everybody's afraid of missing the boat.
Everybody's convinced that if I don't have
AI in my products, if I don't have AI in my business, it's going to fail.
So before we dive into anything about AI, like, what is it?
And AI is really broad.
You know, everybody you say AI and they go chat GPT and a whole lot more than that.
AI is teaching a computer to do something that would typically require human intelligence.
So that could be anything from self-driving cars,
watching videos of babies to identify if they have cerebral palsy,
to looking at a dog
and saying that's got a name on it.
It's not that crazy, but it does everything.
There's so much going on with AI.
And from my background, where I am a proud UNF alum,
it's mostly math behind the scenes.
It's just a whole bunch of math doing stuff.
These aren't robots that are taking over.
This is math getting put to use.
So what kind of AI is out there?
I split this into three areas.
The first, what's in the news right now?
We are generating new things.
It could be text, it could be images, videos.
You know, God knows what we're seeing on the Internet.
All of that can be generated.
It's creating new content and it's these low-code, no-code tools, which are awesome.
If you're trying to automate a pretty simple task, there are tools out there
where you do not have to be a developer to do that.
And it is full of buzzwords.
You hear agentic, you hear rag.
And then who here has seen a rocket ship emoji on their LinkedIn today?
You know, it's everything LinkedIn posts is
some sort of emojis.
And then there's the stuff that was in the news a few years ago.
So the stuff that was in the news a few years ago ranged from understanding your
text, so that's where NLP, like that foundation of large language models,
that comes from understanding text or it comes from understanding images and videos.
Being able to identify on an MRI, is this person experiencing hyperintensities
of the brain? Like these are really cool things.
And they made the news because doctors and AI, everybody loves talking about it.
And there were all these buzzwords.
It was neural nets. It was deep learning.
You might have heard reinforcement learning.
But that's what was cool a few years ago.
And then there's the stuff that never makes the news.
It's still AI.
It's really not sexy, but it's really where a lot of business gets generated.
Forecasting, turns, just big statistical analysis.
These are amazing and they are powerful.
And there's no buzzwords.
And I hope we keep it that way because I love doing these things.
I want these things to happen, but they're not what's
going on in the news. Nobody's in the news talking about my fantastic turn model.
But what's changed is that line of accessibility.
Before, for these things on the right hand side, you're bringing in a developer,
you're bringing in a team that is going to build this.
They're going to host it.
They're going to do all these amazing things.
When you look at what's going on on the left, great.
You can do this yourself.
You can be involved in the AI.
You can get that value without necessarily bringing a team in to do it,
which is incredible.
And it's made AI just this ubiquitous thing.
And it's gone from being, again, something my mom had no idea what I did to
all of us gathered in a room to talk about AI.
And there's two things that you can look at there when you're looking at those
projects that you're taking on, there's things like co-pilot.
Everybody, I think, raised their hand for ChatGPT or Cloud or Gemini or Co-Pilot.
These are great tools for personal efficacy.
It can review your email.
It can go and help you draft a proposal.
God knows I use it to check my recipes or do other things like that.
It's day to day and it's in business and it's providing value.
But then there's also these enterprise scale things that aren't things that just
happen for one person, but the things that go to an entire
enterprise where we're going and seeing how do we do something that's not
necessarily helping one person do their job a little better,
but helping scale the organization.
So quick sort of aside, histology slides.
So this is a.
The background is pretty bright.
I should have made it a little darker, but it is a slide of breast tissue that
has been stained and we're looking to see if we can find breast cancer.
So we've got 20 trainees that are going
to learn whether or not they can find breast cancer in a slide.
And after just 20 days of training, not a pathologic resident residency,
but 20 days of training, any one pathologist could be 80 to 90 percent accurate.
So any one of the 20, they were somewhere between 80 or 90.
But if you took them all as a group
and you took the majority answer, they were 99 percent accurate
after just 20 days by doing a little crowdsourcing of that answer.
So I'm going to ask if anybody has any guesses.
And if you have heard me say this before,
because I tell everybody I meet this because I think it's the best thing ever.
Please don't raise your hand.
But anybody else, do you have a guess who these trainees might be?
They're not med students.
OK, high school students, we got anybody else?
We're going dumber.
Middle school? No, keep going.
Fifth grader.
Nope.
I'm going with the lookies.
Unfair.
No, it's...
Think about if you were at the beach, you could see some fries.
Who's coming to visit? We've got pigeons.
They put pigeons in a box with a slide that looks...
All right.
I had an image of a slide with a button that said yes and a button that said no.
And if they got the answer right, they got a peanut.
And if they didn't get the answer right, no peanut.
And then after 20 days, a pigeon can recognize what is in that slide.
And they're incredibly accurate.
They called it flog sourcing, not crowdsourcing.
But pretty incredible that, you know, you can train a pigeon.
And it's just the way that reinforcement learning works for the machine as well.
When you're talking about a computer learning how to do
a task, it's going to try it and it's going to fail sometimes and do well
sometimes and it remembers what it did when it did well.
And it goes through iterations to learn that just the way a pigeon does.
But I'm going to give you a word of caution on that FOMO because it sounds
awesome that we could replace everybody with pigeons and or AI.
If I had breast cancer and I showed up to
my doctor's office and there was a pigeon, I'd be pretty disappointed.
It is the same with AI.
It can help. It can aid.
It does not replace a huge amount.
It's human.
So we need to have both sides.
You need the human connection and getting the aid of other tools.
Pretty awesome.
So now that I have you thoroughly convinced to purchase AI and or a flock
of pigeons, I'm going to take you on a little vacation.
We're going to change festivals, right?
Go to a music festival. It's pretty awesome.
There's a lot of bands playing.
So I'm going to invite you guys back to 2017.
And me and my friend Ja Rule would like to invite you to the coolest new festival.
It's going to be on an island.
There's going to be incredible food.
There's going to be incredible acts and glamping all over the place.
But it kind of turned out to be
tens of bologna sandwiches and people being really upset.
And I think that's sort of what's happening with AI.
People went to FIRE Festival, not because like, oh, my God, it's the best thing ever.
But because there's this new thing, I better be there.
And that's sort of happening with AI right
now, where you read something like McKinsey saying 85% of projects fail.
MIT said only 5% ever make it past somebody trying to POC or testing something out
on their own. So you keep hearing that these AI projects are failing.
And so I went back and looked because, like I said, I've been doing this for 14
years, how long how many of our projects are doing OK?
And we're at like 70% of them make it to production and stay there.
And I'm pretty psyched about that, but I don't think it's because we have
complete math, not up here going, oh, yeah, you know, my math is better.
My computer is better. It's none of that.
It's planning. And so I'm not trying to keep that.
I want everybody to use AI and be successful.
So I want to talk you through what are
the steps that you need in order to do this and do this well?
So first thing, what if we ask questions before we chose the tech that we're going
to use? I can tell you that my biggest nightmare for the last couple of years
has been every single client coming and saying, I want
a client GPT. Build me a chat bot.
They want a forecasting model, but they want it in a chat bot.
Everybody wants a chat bot.
So, no, what if we don't choose the tech first?
Figure out what problem we're trying to solve.
I like to think of my job as Indiana Jones and I've got to go and switch out
the idle for the thing that you actually need.
So, you know, it's really sort of one
of those things where you've got to think through things first.
And the best way to do that is sticky notes.
I wish there was a cool way to do it that is not sticky notes.
I've tried Miro. I guess it works if you're all remote.
But get in a room with people and get sticky notes.
And don't come with your ideas.
Come with your problem.
Not, hey, we should do this cool tech thing, but, hey, we should solve this problem.
This is a pain point for us and get all those problems together.
And you're going to find out everybody's got the same problems.
So you might end up with 100 sticky notes to 20 problems.
So you get all those problems together, and then we've got to prioritize them.
So when I look at prioritizing those problems, people use, right.
I like wire because it gives me
something to talk about with the worries and worries is a big deal.
Who are my key players? Are they going to be involved?
How am I going to get them involved?
We've also got the impact.
So when I'm looking at this, what are we going to do this for?
You know, there are some things where you're talking about nonprofits or you're
talking about social situations where there are ROI that is really good.
That's nice, social, wonderful things happening.
But we're talking about business here.
And there's three types of ROI that I can provide you.
It is increased revenue.
It is decreased costs.
It is decreased risk.
If you can't bucket it into one of those
things and figure out how you're going to measure that, that's not the idea you
should be working on right now, figure out what impact it's going to have
and estimate the ROI before you start doing it.
And then what are your risks?
So when you look at models, I wish I could tell you AI is 100 percent perfect.
It is not. How many of you guys have seen a hallucination?
Right. It fails.
Probability fails.
And so you've got to be prepared for that and understand.
What risk means to you.
So when I'm looking at risk, is it a false positive that's really bad?
Is it a false negative that's really bad?
How am I going to measure those?
What am I going to do about them?
What does it cost me if I'm wrong?
You need to identify that before you start the project.
I can tell you one of those models that are 30 percent that didn't make it.
I was heartbroken because like these
models are my babies and I love them and I want to see them succeed.
But you go in there and we got the compliance team.
They're like, yeah,
that actually doesn't meet our compliance.
And so everything's great.
Everybody's like CEO.
The company's like, let's use this modeling
compliance or we could call them compliance says no.
And then what is the effort?
What is it going to take me to do this?
And it's something where get your team to do it.
Get somebody, you know,
come talk to us, come talk to anybody else that does AI.
Get an idea of what is it going to take to do this?
Because some things sound really easy
and they are super hard and some things sound insurmountable in the Google.
So get all the ideas out.
Get them out there and then prioritize them, rank them and be prepared because
somebody is going to go and thumb the scale and change that over a little bit.
But then once you have those ideas, pick three, pick your top three.
You can have 50 ideas in that backlog and
you should have somebody that is maintaining that backlog.
But if you try and solve 50 problems, you will solve zero.
If you try and solve three problems with one in the forefront and then maybe two
that are in the background that you're working on, you're going to actually solve
things. So keep somebody who's in charge of that.
Backlog, revisit that backlog.
If you were to look at a backlog from 2022
and then look at it in 2023 with ChatGPT coming out, you'd have changed a lot
of things. Some of those efforts would have moved up and down.
Some of that impact would have moved up and down.
So revisit that backlog, but only focus on a couple ideas at a time.
And then plan and test.
Poor Pinto could have done with a little more testing.
So when we look at
models, you don't have to boil the ocean.
You do not have to build the entire model from the beginning.
Go and find a subset of the data or a subset of the problem and test it on a small group.
Do a proof of concept.
It lets you dip your toe in the AI without saying, we're going to go and pay 200
grand to build this whole thing that we don't know if it's going to work or not.
Sure, AI, there's things I can tell you,
like we do them all the time and, you know, can you get the data off the page? Easy.
If you want to come and do something that's new, you're building a time machine.
Do I know a time machine works?
Not until I can step in it, press the button and go back in time.
Like you do not know it's going to work until you test it.
So build the small scale test first.
Do not start with the big problem.
And then keep it healthy.
When you look at software development,
you'll see like I could write code that goes on a website and it says when you
push this button, a picture of a cat shows up.
And 50 years from now,
as long as I've got an ID to open that thing up, I can click that.
And a cat is going to show up on that website because it's static.
I have defined this code is going to do this thing.
When we're talking about AI, you have code and you have output.
But you've also got data and data changes.
My favorite example of this is doing some work with a group that does debt collection.
And when you think about unemployment, man, where there's low unemployment, people
are more likely to pay.
Where there's high unemployment, they don't have any money they're not going to pay.
And that's really great.
And that model worked until COVID happened and people got furloughed.
And all of a sudden people had money.
These people got furloughed and they got
federal unemployment and state unemployment.
They had more money than they'd had before.
And I hate to tell you, I wish I could say
people were just bad and they weren't paying the debts.
They're not. People don't have any money.
And if you give them money, they pay debts.
It was like Christmas for the debt collectors.
But that model,
it kind of sucks unless you're watching it and go, huh, things are changing.
Let's refit that model. It is living and breathing code.
You need to keep it healthy.
You have to monitor it.
You have to watch it and then make sure it's still working.
So what's the future for AI in Jacksonville?
Is the future of AI or is Jacksonville the future of AI?
Is this what's going on?
And so I think this is pretty awesome.
This is out of Google Trends.
It's what people are searching for.
And jobs, AI jobs, AI companies, AI education.
We're trailing a little behind everyone else in the first.
But we've picked up and man, we are looking for AI companies in Jacksonville.
People are out there searching for AI companies when they're in Jacksonville.
They're searching for AI education.
They're searching for AI jobs.
Again, we are a tech town.
We are not missing out.
And we need to get back into thinking that how great we are.
And then just for a little fun.
I asked two of my friends, Chad GBT and Gemini, what the future of Jacksonville looks like.
And so if we ask Gemini, this is the future of Jacksonville.
We are adding to the now unnamed BOTUS Wells Fargo, whatever you want to call it, building.
Apparently we're adding a couple of towers, we're adding some grass.
We're bringing the landing back.
I don't know who misses Hooters, but we're getting it back.
And then that stadium renovation that we're all super excited about.
And go Jags, I am super excited about that stadium renovation.
But apparently we're just going north south to east west.
We're not putting the roof on, not none of that.
Gemini's got us, we're just flipping it.
South Bank looks pretty good, though, right?
We've got some parks, we've got people out there hanging out in the parks.
So if you look at Gemini, South Bank is the place to be.
If you look at Chad GBT, I'm sorry if your home is in the South Bank,
but we've actually flooded it to make room for our fancy water taxis.
The main street bridges had to be extended.
So, you know, the future of Jags, like, honestly, it is AI.
We are a tech town. We are not missing out.
I'm like, I hope you take some value out of this.
Figure out how you can use AI, but be smart about the way you're doing it.
Don't go and start AI just for fun because it's cool tech.
Go and start AI because it's going to bring you value.
And I'm going to give you my shameless self-promotion with three QR codes.
So on the right, if you want to connect with me, talk about sports, talk about AI, talk about City of Jags.
I'm happy to do so.
Connect with me on LinkedIn.
We do a monthly meetup group talking about AI.
Want to go to that? That's the middle one.
And then something that I am incredibly proud of Jacksonville for
GitHub Copilot is a tool that developers are using to automate their coding.
It's sort of that vibe coding thing that people are talking about.
So it's bringing, you know, AI into the development environment.
So GitHub Copilot is doing these
Dev Days and they're sponsored by GitHub, sponsored by Microsoft.
There are 250 events all across the world.
There are four cities in the southeast that have GitHub Dev Days.
One of those is Jacksonville, and we are the only one in Florida.
So on May 7th, if you have developers,
send them over because GitHub Dev Days is going to be awesome.
And it is a thing that is unique to Jacksonville and it's what makes us great.
And yay, Jack. Thank you, guys.
Does anybody have any questions?
Can you slide back up, please?
You've got no questions, I'm going to tell you guys.
The lighting looks great. Hello, questions.
Yeah. So in the future of AI, one of the things I've been I went to a
I think an AI Connect meeting, I'm not sure if it was some kind of like a freelance group or some.
And there was a job manager there who was telling us about like what's what they're
experiencing with the rise of AI and a lot of things they've been dealing with is
when people submit their resumes, a lot of it seems to be AI generated.
And now the picture he was giving me was
that there seems to be like a thirst for human authenticity as more of this.
There seems to be like a thirst for human
authenticity as more of this AI stuff starts like flooding the market, starts
flooding the Internet, social vehicles, stuff like that.
Do you think that there's going to be an
pendulum swing in the other direction where like copyright,
AI come back or like human or the human interaction will become like the new
like human authenticity will become the new currency?
So my first statement on that, if anybody tells you they can predict the future, they lie.
You know, if you look at who could have
told you that ChatGPT was going to do what it did in two years, nobody nobody would have guessed it.
You know, when you look at AI as a general thing, you've got Sam Altman who's saying
we're going to have AGI and we all be in Bali drinking, you know, whatever.
In two years.
You've got Leigh-Anne LeCun, who's sort of the founder of modern AI,
who says that if we want to get to human intelligence, we might want to try dog
intelligence first, you know, they're sort of like nobody.
Nobody can predict the future.
But I do think that that human connection will continue to be valuable.
I think if you look at like the Gen Z's got their, you know,
Gen Alpha, whatever the youngers are beyond six, seven.
They are also looking for digital or analog things.
They're looking at analog film.
You know, I think there is.
There's this desire for human connection that, you know, I can make some more
profits, but we still need people in the loop.
Thank you very much.
Everybody say that Jacksonville is high tech.
Thank you very much.
Great.
Thank you very much, Leigh-Anne.
Our chair who's put this whole program together, he and Cynthia put this together.
So take it away.
Thank you very much.
One of the things that we wanted to do as a design principal for this event was to
help us all kind of reconcile what AI is to get a sense and a feel for what it looks
like in the workplace, but then also to be kind of practical.
How do we leverage this in a way that is really helps us accelerate the impact
that we're trying to have in our business?
So during the course of today's presentations, we're going to flow.
